---
id: 28
title: 3 Weeks?!
date: 2009-04-06T13:37:00+00:00
author: cameroneshgh
layout: post
guid: http://waywardjourneyer.wordpress.com/2009/04/06/3-weeks
permalink: /2009/04/06/3-weeks/
blogger_blog:
  - waywardjourneyer.blogspot.com
  - waywardjourneyer.blogspot.com
  - waywardjourneyer.blogspot.com
  - waywardjourneyer.blogspot.com
  - waywardjourneyer.blogspot.com
  - waywardjourneyer.blogspot.com
  - waywardjourneyer.blogspot.com
blogger_author:
  - waywardjourneyer
  - waywardjourneyer
  - waywardjourneyer
  - waywardjourneyer
  - waywardjourneyer
  - waywardjourneyer
  - waywardjourneyer
blogger_0beecbba667ac7d51549a09dd2864606_permalink:
  - "5957347525905837697"
  - "5957347525905837697"
  - "5957347525905837697"
  - "5957347525905837697"
  - "5957347525905837697"
  - "5957347525905837697"
  - "5957347525905837697"
categories:
  - Uncategorized
tags:
  - disappointment
  - emotional
  - family
  - fellowship
  - narcissism
---
<span style="font-family:trebuchet ms;font-size:small;">I think it&#8217;s been 3 weeks since I&#8217;ve posted last. That&#8217;s a really long time. Has life really been that busy or have I just gotten that lazy? I&#8217;m kind of hoping neither, but in my surprise, I&#8217;m not really sure either way. Well, it&#8217;s almost Easter and this semester has absolutely flown by. Where the time since January went, I have no clue. I&#8217;m in a shirt and tie right now, which to anyone who knows my usual attire is a huge improvement, and it&#8217;s because I have to give a stupid presentation for software development. Now you know my sentiments on the matter. That wasn&#8217;t even a complete thought, as the original one got derailed immediately by my attire and class thoughts. Back to what I was saying. I actually </span><span style="font-family:trebuchet ms;font-size:small;font-style:italic;">like</span> <span style="font-family:trebuchet ms;font-size:small;">wearing the dressy duds. Looking nice is a welcomed change, especially when you look around you and know you&#8217;re quite possibly the best dressed person within a 20 foot radius. Ok, I promise I&#8217;m done with my narcissism haha.</span>
  
<span style="font-family:trebuchet ms;font-size:small;">I&#8217;d love to go into what has happened in my life in the last several weeks since my last post, but that would take ages I feel and I would forget at least half of it, so I&#8217;m just going to save everyone the time and effort. Anyway, prayer. This is the one word I&#8217;m using to sum up where I&#8217;ve been, or at least what I&#8217;m struggling with currently. I have to admit, I&#8217;ve been inundated at times with the &#8220;power of prayer&#8221; and its importance, but I&#8217;m finally beginning to see why and what all that really means. To answer the &#8220;why&#8221; question very briefly, it&#8217;s a simple matter of the fact that we were made to be in constant fellowship with God. I finally see how much I can have to say to Him, even when I only focus on Him for maybe a tenth of my waking moments. This foretaste has left me seeing there is more. It&#8217;s hard for someone like myself who does not believe Him to be who He says He is, because this really messes with the point of prayer. We pray, I pray because I can&#8217;t do everything for myself. When it comes right down to it, I can&#8217;t do much of anything at all for myself. He doesn&#8217;t have those physical, mental, emotional, spiritual restrictions that I do. Not only is He infinitely more capable than I am, but He is also compassionate and </span><span style="font-family:trebuchet ms;font-size:small;font-style:italic;">wants</span> <span style="font-family:trebuchet ms;font-size:small;">to provide for me. I struggle with this second part, therefore prayer seems pointless to me at times. I don&#8217;t believe Him to be my ultimate provider, therefore I don&#8217;t come to Him unless I have turned to everywhere else I can imagine. I need to be in control of my life, my happiness, my future, that I also have issue with His wisdom. Partially, I feel Him to be a little restrictive, but moreover I feel that maybe I can just know His will without consulting Him first. WRONG!He is the one and only person in this world or the next that won&#8217;t disappoint me or let me down. He provides and comes through 100% of the time without fail, but how conveniently short is my memory. His ways and thoughts are far above my own, therefore how can I possibly hope to know Him unless He reveals Himself to me on </span><span style="font-family:trebuchet ms;font-size:small;font-style:italic;">His</span> <span style="font-family:trebuchet ms;font-size:small;">terms? I feel like I&#8217;m a rock trying to understand Einstein. Sorry, but despite my poor analogy, it just doesn&#8217;t make sense.</span>
  
<span style="font-family:trebuchet ms;font-size:small;">I&#8217;m incredibly tired and worn down right now. I had a great weekend, relaxing and visiting family, but it wasn&#8217;t enough to make up for the sleep deficit I&#8217;ve been stocking up on the last couple weeks in particular. This week doesn&#8217;t look like it&#8217;ll provide any relief either, so I think I&#8217;m going to be needing to up my caffeine intake as well as my prayer outtake. That sounds so stupid the way I put it, but just know that it sounded good in my head. Just goes to show that I really don&#8217;t edit or filter my thoughts on this thing&#8230;Sure wish the weather would provide a much needed pick me up =/</span>
  
<span style="font-family:trebuchet ms;font-size:small;">Happy Monday..!</span>